daran here best auto detailing tips calm
okay the subject of the day is the
eighth wonder of the world called the
Magic Eraser or by mr. clean I've talked
about it numerous videos I keep finding
more and more uses for it whether you're
a car owner car enthusiast or
professional detailer or trying to
become a professional detailer it's a
tool that to me you just can't live
without and I have lived without it for
the past 20 plus years it's only been
introduced in the past couple years and
I keep finding more and more uses so I'm
going to take you on location I'm here
with this badass brand-new Mercedes s63
it's a full-size sedan I've used it in
other videos and so we're going to
discuss the wheels and how I have found
yet another use for the h1 to the world
called the Magic Eraser so let's check
it out
okay what we have here are these 20-inch
matte finish wheels and I've talked
about I use these on my wheel cleaning
demo they're a pain in the butt versus
the black smooth shiny wheels these have
a slight texture to them and hence the
matte finish what I want to address
today with the Magic Eraser is this lip
right around the edge this polished lip
now because of my wheel cleaner which is
acid based and that is a whole nother
different discussion so check out that
video as to why on earth Daren would
choose an acid base wheel cleaner well
there's some very specific reasons but
if you look at this wheel perimeter this
little polished lip I know that it has
some coating on it if it did not unless
this was perhaps a forged magnesium
wheel which is possible just unlikely my
guess is that it's a forged wheel which
is better than a cast
wiill far more stronger stronger any out
so point is is as I keep driving home
detailing is just that it's all about
the details so while this may seem
overkill or OCD as an
obsessive-compulsive that's fine that's
a judgment call only you can make I just
know that I like to get the details
right I also love a challenge
and so I've been noticing that these
this little lip has been degrading over
the past few months and therefore it
becomes a problem-solving moment can I
improve the look of this polish lip well
the answer is yes and that's what the
magic eraser comes in and one of my
favorite products which is wait wait for
it
McGuire's super degreaser yes indeed I
have this diluted down five to one okay
I have some basic dilution ratios 10 to
1 4 to 1 5 to 1 for my super degreaser
honestly between 4 to 1 and 5 to 1 is
not a big stretch so I'm going to pull
back and let you come in close so you
can see and the BAM there's my magic
eraser and then I have my microfiber
cloth I spray a little on the eraser
because I've already cleaned this wheel
I don't want to now spray it all I'm
dealing with is this little edge here
and see how quick that was now we've
gone from and I don't shoot HD even
though this camera is capable but I know
everyone in the world does not have the
internet speed to handle HD and it gets
annoying when it keeps having to stop so
right here is after
see how perfect that looks and down here
is before so we slowly transition from
before to after so when you pull back
and once again lighting video pictures
can either be the very good news or the
very bad news you never just know you
you never really know what you're going
to get until you get net so sometimes
I'm shooting these videos and it's very
revealing in a bad way and sometimes in
a good way and it can hide a lot of
flaws but it can also reveal a lot of
flaws you just never know but here in
real life in real time trust me when I
say that it has taken it from a level 5
to a level 10 in fact this wheel is now
cleaner this little lip is cleaner than
the day my customer picked it up from
the dealer you know why because dealers
they're going to do the bare minimum to
get you out the door and the customer is
so wrapped up in emotion and he becomes
instantly emotionally attached to his
new car that he's basically blinded by
emotion he doesn't have a critical eye
it's not till later that he starts
noticing the nuances of either good work
or bad work from the dealer so the
dealer there's no way they're going to
do this anyhow but I can and you can
with the Magic Eraser and some super
degreaser so I'm going to finish doing
the rest of this wheel and let me just
go around the perimeter and it looks
like right about here is about the worst
of this lip so stay tuned
okay had to pause it for a moment
because my customer came out to take off
of the day anyhow so you get the point
over delivering it's all about the
details the details for some of you
could be my new Shah where it's like oh
that's just not month not part of my
world well it's part of my world and
it's how I am able to charge what I
charge and as I tell people that call
from my internet I'm not for everyone
and I don't want to be for everyone I
want to be for people that shop value
and not price so this is just one way of
educating your customer understanding
understanding value over delivering so
there's a few lessons to be learned here
hopefully you have learned something so
till next time I'll catch you on the
rebound